My name is giovanni's girl.
I was suborning.
Hasn't family seminar in nineteen fifty to
migrate towards?
It was one of the first a system like i had no intention of migratory sally
or anyone else.
At one one afternoon in february,
while i was working at the olive oil in factories,
i had i whistle.
I recognized it as a family whistle.
It was my brother called me to go home because i had to leave at five
o'clock that afternoon to migrate towards charlie at
home.
My mother and sister were crying and had already take a
small foot skies with my few possessions.
My father had matter their population where they are telling me i
protest and they went off to the pats.
My cousin,
if you are this,
follow me to convince me to go a sound.
Had the toy was too kitsch.
They're trying to nibbles.
In the end,
they're going to me by the just to make sure i didn't change my mind
one over them.
Come with me.
I spent two weeks at manually in my great immigration of camp at night
because of the ship broke down.
It then took forty four days toe silent to melbourne from
albany.
Week went by china to barnacle a military camp.
We're spend three horrible month and took part in the
booth.
I finally got to work as a pint in the problem,
pointing their church and coleman.
By nineteen fifty four,
i was in my album where i've become very active with my unit.
Then they become involved in the library party because i realized that
migrant workers demonized against and they were just numbers.
Of course,
i was involved in politics,
the conservative government over the day,
if you submit you to send a ship and the re entry visa so i cannot go to
italy to visit my sick mother.
That was very hard for me,
my parents.
But i was convinced that what i was doing was right.
It wasn't until nineteen seventy three,
after the election of the ritalin labour government that i was the grand
salon citizenship at the big ceremony at the colebrook tear a hole
nearly seventeen.
I was the one over there found all the feelings.
The talent federation of migrant works in their family in australia
and the first president of ethnic community cancel,
or victoria i was the one of order of two people have been
imprisoned in the dungeon at parliament house,
but then the principal off a branch swick girls high school ahead that is
ripe for the open.
Overstate the parliament,
but the man i knew school,
pierce allied in nineteen seventy nine.
I was elected to parliament to the upper house to bring home the reality
that,
oh,
charlie,
it's a multicultural society.
Um,
i part of my mind in a speech in italian.
That was the first time it had been done in an
english speaking of parliament,
like i was selected to,
they bit the president and the chairman of a committee.
It was not only an honor for me who had arrived here with no
english and very little school,
but the for the migrant community.
It was a country.
My parliamentary office was the bassist offs because many
ordinary people off all back a grand recognized me so one
over them.
I hadn't want to come to australia.
My father forged my signature because he thought i could have a
better life.
It's only recently that i have understood that
all of my life in australia have it works to create a better society.
I haven't been heavy here.
I have enjoyed my life.
I have a wife and three dollars in the grandchildren,
but i cannot forget where was born in the daytime.
I work in australia,
but that night i am in a seminar at columbia